it's like the middle of the night
practically and we're going to Kinko's -
I guess print out some study guides for
Brianna yeah all right so I guess wrap
fedex kinko's and we're gonna go print
stuff up now but like a credit card in
there I bet there are so many viruses
always going to be there yeah this is
where I'm sure we're gonna run into
trouble here because I don't know it's
just such a pain look like beer you're
asking Windows XP machine to print
something it's already 50 Cent's yeah
it's one page I think they are just
robbing us we should complain that's
what taking this computer is even worth
thirty four dollars that's true yeah
thirty four bucks crazy
being like a million degrees here to
being like absolute zero or something
now it's like in the 50s right now you
know what today I did the dumbest thing
this happens every once in a while and
there's really no excuse for it I forgot
to bring the dogs water like the thermos
of water or the big bucket of water so I
brought mine of course so I've given
them my water but that's all that's in
there so we'll practice as long as the
water holds up I suppose what do you
think Venus
I think I'm not drinking much water
because I want to make sure I practice a
bunch today alpha doesn't really drink
when he practices dad brought me this
frisbee this one right here okay I can't
reach that you've got to bring it to me
okay there's only so much you can do
when it's this windy alpha come around I
have definitely gotten pretty good at
throwing a wind over the years but quite
honestly it's like 30 mile an hour winds
right now okay let's try like the more
windy it is the more you want to like
throw at an angle so you can't throw
quite as far not in this wind and
something you can just launch it and you
want to throw into the wind also though
you can do it both ways but into the
wind will likely give it more hang time
once you get the right release down one
bad that is a large bird oh my goodness
rather intimidating - he's like Orsi
having trouble in the wind I think this
bird is thinking about eating alpha
please do not eat me bird unless you
must then it will understand
I don't care about no bird hate them
things all the time chickens my favorite